
Nor have We been wanting in attentions to our Brittish brethren. We have warned them from time to time of attempts by their legislature to extend an unwarrantable jurisdiction over us. We have reminded them of the circumstances of our emigration and settlement here. We have appealed to their native justice and magnanimity, and we have conjured them by the ties of our common kindred to disavow these usurpations, which, would inevitably interrupt our connections and correspondence. They too have been deaf to the voice of justice and of consanguinity. We must, therefore, acquiesce in the necessity, which denounces our Separation, and hold them, as we hold the rest of mankind, Enemies in War, in Peace Friends.

We, therefore, the Representatives of the united States of America, in General Congress, Assembled, appealing to the Supreme Judge of the world for the rectitude of our intentions, do, in the Name, and by Authority of the good People of these Colonies, solemnly publish and declare, That these United Colonies are, and of Right ought to be Free and Independent States; that they are Absolved from all Allegiance to the British Crown, and that all political connection between them and the State of Great Britain, is and ought to be totally dissolved; and that as Free and Independent States, they have full Power to levy War, conclude Peace, contract Alliances, establish Commerce, and to do all other Acts and Things which Independent States may of right do. And for the support of this Declaration, with a firm reliance on the protection of divine Providence, we mutually pledge to each other our Lives, our Fortunes and our sacred Honor.                                                                        Perhaps the sentiments contained in the following pages, are not yet 
sufficiently fashionable to procure them general favor; a long habit 
of not thinking a thing wrong, gives it a superficial appearance of 
being right, and raises at first a formidable outcry in defense of 
custom. But the tumult soon subsides. Time makes more converts than 
reason.

As a long and violent abuse of power, is generally the Means of calling 
the right of it in question (and in Matters too which might never have 
been thought of, had not the Sufferers been aggravated into the inquiry) 
and as the King of England hath undertaken in his own Right, to support 
the Parliament in what he calls Theirs, and as the good people of this 
country are grievously oppressed by the combination, they have an undoubted 
privilege to inquire into the pretensions of both, and equally to reject the 
usurpation of either.

In the following sheets, the author hath studiously avoided every thing 
which is personal among ourselves. Compliments as well as censure to 
individuals make no part thereof. The wise, and the worthy, need not the 
triumph of a pamphlet; and those whose sentiments are injudicious, or 
unfriendly, will cease of themselves unless too much pains are bestowed 
upon their conversion.

The cause of America is in a great measure the cause of all mankind. Many 
circumstances hath, and will arise, which are not local, but universal, and 
through which the principles of all Lovers of Mankind are affected, and in 
the Event of which, their Affections are interested. The laying a Country 
desolate with Fire and Sword, declaring War against the natural rights of all 
Mankind, and extirpating the Defenders thereof from the Face of the Earth, 
is the Concern of every Man to whom Nature hath given the Power of feeling; 
of which Class, regardless of Party Censure, is the

AUTHOR e present King of Great Britain is a history of repeated injuries and usurpations, all having in direct object the establishment of an absolute Tyranny over these States. IHaveADream.txt         Ÿãÿ@Y          `IRÉü                  ñ      DecOfInd.txt           €HRÉü  HRÉü  ˜ê!AY                  ¸     CommonSense.txt ¨âYÉü  ç!AY                                  U     `Vÿ@Y  8IRÉü  ÿµð            
|ž3V  @; AY          À{ž3V   wž3V   the tumult soon subsides. Time makes more converts than 
reason.

As a long and violent abuse of power, is generally the Means of calling 
the right of it in question (and in Matters too which might never have 
been thought
